Key,Source,Context,Changes,English,French,German,Klingon,Spanish,Polish
attHamonRank1Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Beginner,,,,,
attHamonRank2Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Hobbyist,,,,,
attHamonRank3Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Student,,,,,
attHamonRank4Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Prefect,,,,,
attHamonRank5Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Assistant,,,,,
attHamonRank6Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Graduate,,,,,
attHamonRank7Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Teacher,,,,,
attHamonRank8Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Professor,,,,,
attHamonRank9Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Master,,,,,
attHamonRank10Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Legend,,,,,
perkHamonBurstRank1Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Energy Discharge,,,,,
perkHamonBurstRank2Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Sparking Fingers,,,,,
perkHamonBurstRank3Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Knuckle Bombs,,,,,
perkHamonBurstRank4Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Erupting Fists,,,,,
perkHamonBurstRank5Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Exploding Palms,,,,,
perkHamonBarrageRank1Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Aerodynamic Arms,,,,,
perkHamonBarrageRank2Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Light Knuckles,,,,,
perkHamonBarrageRank3Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Swift Hands,,,,,
perkHamonBarrageRank4Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Flying Fists,,,,,
perkHamonBarrageRank5Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Ora Ora Ora!,,,,,
perkHamonBreathReleaseTimingRank1Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Weathered Hide,,,,,
perkHamonBreathReleaseTimingRank2Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Sculpted Breaths,,,,,
perkHamonBreathReleaseTimingRank3Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Rebuffing Abs,,,,,
perkHamonBreathReleaseTimingRank4Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Flexing Lungs,,,,,
perkHamonBreathReleaseTimingRank5Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Impenetrable Stand,,,,,
perkHamonRapidBreathingRank1Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,380breaths/min,,,,,
perkHamonRapidBreathingRank2Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,420breaths/min,,,,,
perkHamonRapidBreathingRank3Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,470breaths/min,,,,,
perkHamonRapidBreathingRank4Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,530breaths/min,,,,,
perkHamonRapidBreathingRank5Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,600breaths/min,,,,,
perkHamonZoomPunchRank1Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Lengthy Arms,,,,,
perkHamonZoomPunchRank2Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Extendo Fists,,,,,
perkHamonZoomPunchRank3Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Pliant Physique,,,,,
perkHamonZoomPunchRank4Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Gomu Gomu Body,,,,,
perkHamonZoomPunchRank5Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Mjr. Stretch Armstrong,,,,,
perkHamonSunlightYellowOverdriveRank1Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Hard Finisher,,,,,
perkHamonSunlightYellowOverdriveRank2Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Expert Fister,,,,,
perkHamonSunlightYellowOverdriveRank3Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,One Puncher,,,,,
perkHamonSunlightYellowOverdriveRank4Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Maximum Overdrive,,,,,
perkHamonStoneGreyOverdriveRank1Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Stonebreaker,,,,,
perkHamonIronBlackOverdriveRank1Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Ironcrusher,,,,,
perkHamonAutumnGoldOverdriveRank1Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Trunksplitter,,,,,
perkHamonEarthGreenOverdriveRank1Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Earthshatterer,,,,,
perkHamonForcedBreathingRank1Desc,attributes,Attribute,New,Skinmender,,,,,